now netizens now the 40 dot com here I am one more week with all the
equipment prepared for the dam continues as I want the list of 40
million summary for our website
the record of permanence returned to be Paraguayan republic that take 31 weeks
on the list with this for you
the only entry of the week for the new theme of black river or bird to
one hundred percent the subject is called their aircraft
the student
also rose the week is starring the fish
in the 39 the number 32 the bank not eight arms to hold you
vidal by pain open the number three with the fifth station and street
tejería
killed the Spanish in two the silver medal this week agreement
and that's because this week number one
again for rihanna she repeats for so much
as the queen of the list of the top 40 the one of barbados in everything
high but now I leave you with your story and of course do not leave
40 clubs and that after reviewing the full list in the 41 xx peace and love 2
not in vain
at last